Let go of me.
Let me kill you, are you fucking stupid?
Who is this guy?
Don't take any faith out of my mouth.
Didn't say anything.
You called here.
If there is no mission, it is completed.
The remaining funds will be transferred to your card.
Don't contact me later, sorry.
Your people can't complete your mission.
I hope his mouth is harder than his pliers.
Not to teach you who to be?
You sent someone to kill me, and you asked who I was.
I have absolutely no idea what you're talking about.
I'm just a liaison.
Ha ha ha
You want any feeling in my mouth, a total waste of time.
Don't say yes.
Hey, Mr. Shen is having fun.
Don't bother him, General Director Chen, what are you doing?
It's your birthday.
The vice president prepares cakes for you.
I didn't expect you to play like that, thank you Kim.